NAME
    RCrane.CLI - Calculate and build the RNA backbone given phosphate and
    base atoms

SYNOPSIS
    rcrane.cli.pl [OPTIONS] PDBFILE

    Options:

       -r=STRING   Build the given conformer string
   
       -i=NAME     Alternate method for providing the input PDB file
       -o=NAME     Prefix for the output filenames
   
       -s          Do not build the structure
       -t          Do not output data tables
       -x          Format the output tables for Excel

       -h          Print a brief help message and exit
       -m          Print the full manual

DESCRIPTION
    RCrane.CLI is designed to aid in crystallographic model building.
    Specifically, it helps in building the RNA backbone into electron
    density. To use RCrane.CLI, first build phosphate, base, and C1' atoms
    and save these coordinates to a PDB file. Using this PDB file as input,
    RCrane.CLI will automatically construct the RNA backbone and output a
    PDB containing the constructed molecule.

    RCrane.CLI builds the backbone using a combination of pseudotorsions and
    the all-atom consensus backbone conformer library. The phosphates and
    bases are used to calculate pseudotorsions and determine sugar puckers,
    and these measurements are then used to predict and build the
    appropriate conformers. For more information, see Keating KS and Pyle
    AM. Semi-automated model building for RNA crystallography using a
    directed rotameric approach. Proc Natl Acad Sci U S A, In press (2010).

    By default, RCrane.CLI will output a PDB structure and several csv data
    tables. See the "-t" and "-s" options for ways to modify this. For an
    input of struc.pdb, the default output files will be

    struc.built.pdb
      A PDB file containing a molecule constructed using the most likely
      conformers

    struc.data.csv
      A table containing all data used for the conformers predictions:
      theta', eta', base-phosphate perpendicular distances, C1'-C1'
      distances, and P-P distances

    struc.probs.csv
      A table containing the probabilities for each conformer at each suite
      of the structure

    struc.rots.csv
      A table containing the three most likely conformers for each suite,
      along with their sugar puckers. The bottom of this table also contains
      a conformer string for the most likely conformers.

EXAMPLES
    rcrane.cli.pl struc.pdb
      Build and predict conformers for file struc.pdb. Output files
      struc.built.pdb, struc.data.csv, struc.probs.csv, and struc.rots.csv
      will be created

    rcrane.cli.pl -t struc.pdb
      Build and predict conformers for file struc.pdb. Only struc.built.pdb
      will be output.

    rcrane.cli.pl -r 1a1a1a7r6g1L1f1m1a struc.pdb
      Build struc.pdb using the specified suites. Note that struc.pdb must
      contain exactly 9 suites.

OPTIONS
    -r, --rot=STRING
            Build the given conformer string instead of predicting
            conformers. Note that the given conformer string must contain
            the same number of suites as the input PDB file. Implies "-t".

    -i, --input=FILE
            Alternate method for providing the input PDB file. If this
            option is used, then the PDB filename does not need to be given
            at the end of the arguments.

    -o, --output=PREFIX
            Prefix for the output filenames. If this option is used, output
            files will be named prefix.built.pdb, prefix.data.csv,
            prefix.probs.csv, and prefix.rots.csv.

    -s, --nostruc
            Do not build the structure. Appropriate conformers will be
            predicted and output, but not built.

    -t, --notables
            Do not output the tables containing data about the conformer
            predictions.

    -x, --excel
            Format the output .csv data tables for Excel. If this option is
            not used and the tables are opened in Excel (or OpenOffice.org
            if the importing defaults are used), then suite names may be
            incorrectly interpreted as dates - for example, suite 2-3 will
            be displayed as February 3rd of the current year. This option
            will protect all suite names using formulas.

    -h, -?, --help
            Print a brief help message and exit.

    -m, --man
            Print the full manual and exit.

AUTHOR
    RCrane.CLI programmed by Kevin Keating, Yale University, 2010.
    Kevin.Keating@yale.edu

    All publications resulting from use of this program must acknowledge:
    Keating KS and Pyle AM.  Semiautomated model building for RNA
    crystallography using a directed rotameric approach.  Proc Natl Acad
    Sci USA, 107: 8177-8182 (2010).

    RCrane.CLI is copyright 2010, Kevin Keating, and is licensed under the
    Educational Community License, Version 2.0

